feat: add Command.Walk() and Command.Path() convenience methods (#2353)
urfave/cli: testdata/godoc-v3.x.txt

func (cmd *Command) NumFlags() int
    NumFlags returns the number of flags set

func (cmd *Command) Path() []string
    Path returns the path of command names from the root to cmd,

>     inclusive. Each element is a Command.Name. FullName() is equivalent to

Reviewer: `FullName()`?

Reviewer 2: Is the intention here to point out the relationship between `Path` and `FullName`? That's how I was reading it.

    VisiblePersistentFlags returns a slice of LocalFlag with Persistent=true and
    Hidden=false.

func (cmd *Command) Walk(fn func(*Command) error) error
    Walk visits cmd and every descendant in pre-order. Returning a non-nil error

>     from fn short-circuits the walk and is returned to the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Walk visits cmd and every descendant in pre-order. If an error is
    encountered, the walk terminates with the error returned to the caller.
```

Reviewer: `pre-order` is still unclear.

Author: pre-order tree traversal
